>> Bianca Gandolfo: So what was your
experience creating this adjacency matrix?
>> Speaker 2: I'm feeling like
I still don't quite get it.
>> Speaker 3: I don't understand it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
can we turn that into a question,
like a specific question?
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] So
I tried to add a node that was a value.
And so I came up with, if this dot
nodes, and then like the index of value.
That would mean it was already there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
in your constructor you said, you had.
>> Speaker 2: In my, or yeah,
this dot underscore nodes equals object.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, is there
a reason you're initializing as an object
and not an array?
>> Speaker 2: That's what
was here in the github.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You're
just looking at the solution?
>> Speaker 2: No, the exercises
had the constructor already done.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But that's not,
that's a different representation.
>> Speaker 2: No wonder this was so hard.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, yeah.
It's not in the exercise.
It's an unrelated exercise.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, cool cool.
I think it should be an array then.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Or
we can leave it like that, yeah.
So I think the easiest way to do it
is just initialize your 2D array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Something like that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
just initialize it all at zero, and
then just imagine this is ten.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we initialize it, it's empty.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And a lot of times,
when you're doing different
graph processing things,
you're given the graph and
then so they're like,
here's the graph,
now figure out these things.
And so, when you're given
the data ahead of time and
you're not dynamically adding different
nodes to the graph, it's pretty easy,
right, like you probably are given like
a list of nodes, and a list of edges and
then from that you can just loop
through it and create your 2D array.
Pretty straightforward and
that would be one way to initialize it,
and here's another way.
We're just initializing it empty,
assuming that we have a certain size for
our graph,
and then as we add nodes we will change.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Just
the relationship here, right?
And then we might also wanna represent,
if we've added the node or not.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You know what I mean?
So we're initializing an empty thing.
So, if we want to check if
our graph contains a value,
right now,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We don't really
know if it does.
How could we do that?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cuz that seems like
an easy thing that we could look up,
in this kind of data structure, right?
This kind of representation of our graph
is just like, does it exist at all?
Because we have arrays.
Arrays are kind of easy for
that kind of look up.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Should
we look at a picture?
>> Speaker 4: Can you repeat again?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Hm?
>> Speaker 4: One more repeat, please.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: One more time?
>> Speaker 4: I didn't catch the question.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
So the question is, how is one way that we
could represent that dynamically, right?
So this is a graph that's
already been created.
We know there's one through six,
we have one through six.
And we're adding values.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How can we just
represent that something has been added?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Versus where you're
just initializing this empty graph.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 3: So
if you're initializing an empty graph,
are you actually saying
that the points exist?
But they just don't have
any connections yet.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so
if we don't account for this,
that's what it's saying, right.
So this graph is saying
we have one through six.
>> Speaker 3: Right, so if we're
>> Bianca Gandolfo: If we initialize it
empty this is one way to do it, if we
initialize it just empty how do we know
that these aren't just four
unconnected nodes in a graph?
You know what I'm saying?
>> Speaker 3: They are four
unconnected nodes in
a graph
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But
what if we just want to say
that this is an empty graph?
>> Speaker 3: This is an empty graph?
Then don't put zeroes in there?
If a zero is going to be used as
a placeholder for something that exists?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: True.
So that would be one way, but
then whenever we add a node,
we would have to suddenly put all zeroes,
right?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So-
>> Speaker 3: I mean you could make a list
of the things that you have added.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, you could have
another auxiliary list, yeah totally.
These are all things to think about.
You can also just put an x, so
this is one and one, that one exists.
Right, we're not gonna have
a connection with our selves.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
that's kind of what I meant.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, or you can
literally just have another list here.
But again this already takes up so
much space.
Then you're taking up more space.
So that's if we're adding the value for
the index.
The order is a little bit easier, right?
We can just keep a count.
Anything beyond that count,
we haven't gotten to yet.
Cool.
Adding an edge, we talked about that.
Overall, adding an edge is the easiest
thing you could do in a matrix.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Deleting edges,
searching if something exists
is another easy thing.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Adjacency matrix.
Any questions?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, okay.
>> Speaker 2: So essentially,
in the constructor,
you're setting nodes to
a multidimensional array.
That is basically what you'd wanna do,
right.
Because in the pseudocode there,
that's supposed to be
a picture of a graph, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: But
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah
>> Speaker 2: But what you,
>> Speaker 2: But it's just
a multi-dimensional array, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
that's what a matrix is.
>> Speaker 2: And then the,
>> Speaker 2: Okay, I think so.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then the index represents the node.
This value represents the edge.
>> Speaker 2: The value represents the
edge, but the index represents the node,
okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep and
this is easy when we already know
what's going to be in the graph.
It's like, okay,
we are given all of the things
that's already going to be in the graph,
all of the nodes and all the edges, and
then we just want to do some
calculations on it, right.
So we don't have to worry about
adding nodes, because as we've seen,
it's a little bit complicated to do that,
especially once we reach the size,
then we have to resize.
It gets complicated